# VRChat
A simple, fast, and fluent API for VRChat. Built by humans, for humans.

# Why?

While vrchatapi-csharp is quite nice, this is a human built, tested alternative, soon to be with **actual fucking documentation**. It provides actual resources and helper functions that the other libraries out there don't provide.

For example
```csharp
IVRChat vrchat = new VRChatConnectionBuilder()
    .AsSDKContext() // this ensures your requests are being sent as the Unity SDK or at least look similar enough
    .WithCredentials("dot bin", "x")
    .Build();

IVRCUser user = await vrchat.Authentication.LoginAsync();
// want to access more private data?
VRCAuthenticatedUser currentUser = user as VRCAuthenticatedUser;

// want to easily perform actions on the user?
await currentUser.EnableCloningAsync();
await user.BlockAsync();

// dirt simple, easy fucking VRChat api
// build enterprise grade and non bloated applications with this library
```

# When?

As you can see, the library is unfinished. I am looking for you (the community)'s help with implementing this library.
Integration with IServiceCollection will be added soon enough, for now focusing on this shit lol

# What other features does it have?

More code access to modify and fine tune what's going on the library, as well as custom environments/endpoints and complete control over what is being sent up and down, as well as premade "contexts" to emulate VRChat hardware (except quest)

Better enum support, better types, better methods, types that don't conflict with other types, as well as being human friendly rather than a generated client OR undocumented old monoliths.

# Should I be using this?

No, stick to vrchatapi-csharp. It's far better built, (even if it's autogenerated), and has an ongoing focus and well built community around it. I reccomend them 100%

This is my solution for my own problem, and it's nowhere close to being completed. **I need community support to help finish this, so feel free to make a PR.**
